family How are you? Well if I
said it before, it happens before, I said it last night talking
to Marina, okay, on the live show last night with
Marina, if you remember, I told her Marina, as soon as I
leave, something happens and things happen, okay,
something incredible has happened. I'm going to
give you the scoop here first, but when I
come back, obviously,
you'll have more and I think it's going to get a
bit complicated, I think it's going to get a bit complicated.
Marta riesgo is very angry with
Marina enal for our live show
last night. Now I'll tell you the details. No, well,
first of all, as always, to all of you who
are entering right now,
subscribe if you don't know me,
give it a like,
share. I
'm going to go to that beautiful place to give you
the news, okay, incredible, incredible
failure yesterday of Sálvame Deluxe against the
challenge, okay, I think the challenge
got something like a 16 or a 17
while Sálvame was left with
a sad
9, no joke, a 9, okay.
And well, anyway. Yes, they're
loading, they've only loaded
the format and added the new ones. How
beautiful. Eh, What  nice How nice I
'm not in Andorra there are people who
think I'm in Andorra because I no longer
want to pay taxes in Spain good
news ok I'll tell you what happened
if not My hand is freezing okay what
happened is that Marta risk Well here she's
going to do such a copyright to me I curse her
Where can I go to a place to
record really calmly I'm going to go for a walk I'm going for a
walk There you go Marta risk yesterday she
was watching our program as
always because everyone watches our
program you watch it too and when she
saw the program this morning Well there are
things in the program that it seems she didn't like
very much okay
I have a missed call from Marta
be honest okay but here first of all
point number one I am with the
family with the children and so on and I can't
start chatting right now Okay
when I get back I'm going to try to rest my
arm here let's see okay when I get back
well I'll try to talk to her to see
what's wrong let's see what she
wanted to tell me or what she wanted to comment or
whatever okay But between that I don't have
much coverage Here I'm getting WiFi and
everything else no and between that I'm  disconnected
or rather literally I am disconnected
in quotes from time to time I come
to snitch or some gossip and I
go back to the family and all that okay But
well I haven't been able to talk to her
but
Marina Yes okay
Marina Yes talks to her and she is very
angry so much so that there is a lawsuit warning
as you have heard okay in
Primicia here
with so cold that I can hardly speak
Marta risk is very angry with
Marina and there is a lawsuit warning okay
And you will say but well Javi
lawsuit warning why If yesterday he
only says your opinion of course There is
a point there is
a point in yesterday's live that I
really didn't pay much attention to because I
was fast asleep and also do you remember
that Marina had to call my
attention a couple of times because I
was falling asleep I was exhausted I
had been preparing things
for the trip all day and the pace I am going since I
needed to stop and there were three or
four occasions in which Marina
had to tell me Abby wake up that you
were asleep no So I did
hear it but I didn't give it much importance
because I thought it was something related
to the  gossip no but there was a moment
in the conversation we were having in
which Marina not only gave her opinion but she
let slip that she knew things okay I don't know
what kind of things because I don't know
okay I mean it's not like I can say It's not
that I don't know literally I don't
know either and right now I'm not going to
find out when I get back I'll find out let's see
if they can tell they can't tell
or let's see if it's the neighbors Nothing important I don't
know no but Marina said something like
well She's lucky there are people who
don't want to tell I don't know what I don't know how much
something like that she said Okay so what
Marina let slip was what made
Marta feel bad so bad that they were on the
phone for almost an hour today in
an
angry tone in an angry tone according to what
Marina tells me in an angry tone okay let's
see what else I can tell you of course let's see
because
regarding the issue of
our opinion with the commercial act of whether she makes
a video editing a video crying or
promoting the sweatshirt in the end I
understand that that is an opinion No
And there's nothing there that could bother
anyone besides you  you know that I
always tend to be the most respectful in the world
with everything with everyone you know
no well let's see I'm laughing But
because I'm an [ __ ] but with her yes
with her yes I always am Okay then I
understand that's why there wasn't a
problem but Marina tells me yes no that she did
n't
like our opinion either okay So in that
sense I don't know what to decide
because really opinions are
opinions and I believe that on my show they are
given with the utmost respect in the world
no but well Marina
on Tuesday I do
n't know if I'll be back on Tuesday or
Wednesday Okay when I come back on Tuesday
surely okay Tuesday when I come
back we have a show Here on
telesalseo and Marina
if she can as far as she can she will
talk she
will tell us this problem that she had
with Marta
So I will tell you something the truth is I
'm not like that she will tell something because she
says that Let's
see I'm going to tell you like this okay she says
that
Marta has given her permission I do
n't know if I don't know if These are the
literal words or what I understood I am bad okay
because I am here too I tell you no
but she told me something like that Marta
on one hand warned her of a lawsuit  no and
even Marina told her But well
Hey, I get along very well with the
lawyer Antonio David and Marta
told him something like well you're not going to get
along anymore no and But on the other hand it was like
Marta told her come on come on tell it tell it let's
see what it is
no Then I don't know when
Tuesday comes I will clarify as always you
know no being two people that I
appreciate Well sincerely
I will advocate for peace I will advocate for peace I
know that you all want gossip and well if we
have to bring you gossip Well there will be gossip
But well I will try to make it as least
destructive as possible okay family
subscribe to be a member whoever can
okay I think there are like 40 members missing to
reach a thousand members in
telesalseo the kids have really messed you
up because there are
2000 okay whoever can become a
member and whoever can't It's
okay whoever can't It's okay with that
Enjoying the gossip give it a Like
comment and share the video more than
enough
ladies  I'm going to put a glove on my
left hand because my hand is
frozen right now. Okay, it wouldn't be yes. I'll be back
today. Okay. See you, family. A kiss.